I am basically a full-time psychologist who shows houses every now and then.\'94 -Dori Warner \'93To be successful in real estate, you must always and consistently put your clients' best interests first. When you do, your personal needs will be realized beyond your greatest expectations.\'94 -Anthony Hitt It was a excelente experience to work with agent Bill Sladek gave me the upmost attention kept me in form every step of the way very caring thanks. Wow!! What can I say aboutit? Realtor extraordinaire, upstanding work ethic, friendly and genuine, helpful and caring, and just an overall awesome guy!\
It was a long process to get my house ready to sell and Todd patiently guided me through the best decisions in regards to what was most important for me and the sale of my property. Through out the lengthy process, realtor turned to friend but felt more like a family and when the stars finally aligned and the house closed, it was a day to celebrate! I couldn\'92t have done it without the knowledge, support and maybe most importantly, the awesome communication skills of during the whole process. If you want a realtor that takes your success personally? Don\'92t look anywhere further. Judd is a true wonder! She worked hard to both sell our old home and to buy our new home. Be it financing, consultation, advising, housekeeping, or resources - makes real estate miracles happen. She was a true pleasure to work with - honest, full of integrity, diligent in ensuring our needs were met, and authentic in her approach! Throughout the entire process, we always knew that Katrina understand our position and we were comfortable in knowing that was advocating for us every step of the way. Without reservation, we give Katrina Judd our highest recommendation. Truly, honestly, sincerely - You will be in GREAT hands when working with, I can't thank this woman enough for her patient,professionalism and thorough honesty she displayed from the onset of my home search to finally getting the home that I love. Even though she did not understand my culture well she did worked with me regarding the difficulties I was facing. Thank you again for standing by me throughout the entire home search and buying process. Sherri made home buying easy for a newcomer like me who's never bought a home.It was surprising to see this review since the buyers purchased their home 2 years ago. After seeing this, I reached out 3 times to understand the problem.Posting here is not a great option but other potential clients may think their statements are valid when the facts show the opposite. I toured areas and all new construction available in the two school districts requested. The buyers sent an email thanking me for showing them the areas.They sent a note about loving their house after closing and the reports to relocation were positive.These are facts with backup in my files.The buyers purchased the home before I could see it, they wrote a contract with the sales rep rather than wait until I could help. I then looked at the home and called to discuss the challenges I saw that might affect resale, the buyer wanted to move forward, regardless.Perhaps by asking questions rather than making accusations, we could help to find a solution to whatever their problem may be. We are here to help.They are a very efficient team but didn't do any hand holding with us. We worked with Charlene previously so she listed our house and their stager came to take some great pictures. We sold in a week and we did not see them in person again. She was great about text and email messages.
<newline>
